it happened in the spring of the year at
it happened in the spring of the year at the time when Kings go out to battle
the time when Kings go out to battle
the time when Kings go out to battle that David sent Joab and his servants
that David sent Joab and his servants
that David sent Joab and his servants with him and all Israel and they
with him and all Israel and they
with him and all Israel and they destroyed the people of Ammon and
destroyed the people of Ammon and
destroyed the people of Ammon and besieged Rabbah but David remained at
besieged Rabbah but David remained at
besieged Rabbah but David remained at Jerusalem then it happened one evening
Jerusalem then it happened one evening
Jerusalem then it happened one evening that David arose from his bed and walked
that David arose from his bed and walked
that David arose from his bed and walked on the roof of the king's house and from
on the roof of the king's house and from
on the roof of the king's house and from the roof he saw a woman bathing and the
the roof he saw a woman bathing and the
the roof he saw a woman bathing and the woman was very beautiful to behold so
woman was very beautiful to behold so
woman was very beautiful to behold so David sent and inquired about the woman
David sent and inquired about the woman
David sent and inquired about the woman and someone said is this not Bathsheba
and someone said is this not Bathsheba
and someone said is this not Bathsheba the daughter of aalayam the wife of
the daughter of aalayam the wife of
the daughter of aalayam the wife of Uriah the Hittite then David sent
Uriah the Hittite then David sent
Uriah the Hittite then David sent messengers and took her and she came to
messengers and took her and she came to
messengers and took her and she came to him and he lay with her for she was
him and he lay with her for she was
him and he lay with her for she was cleansed from her impurity and she
cleansed from her impurity and she
cleansed from her impurity and she returned to her house and the woman
returned to her house and the woman
returned to her house and the woman conceived so she sent and told David I
conceived so she sent and told David I
conceived so she sent and told David I am with child
am with child
am with child then David sent to Joab
then David sent to Joab
then David sent to Joab [Music]
[Music]
[Music] send me Uriah the Hittite and Joab sent
send me Uriah the Hittite and Joab sent
send me Uriah the Hittite and Joab sent Uriah to David when Uriah had come to
Uriah to David when Uriah had come to
Uriah to David when Uriah had come to him David asked how Joab was doing and
him David asked how Joab was doing and
him David asked how Joab was doing and how the people were doing and how the
how the people were doing and how the
how the people were doing and how the war prospered and David said to Uriah go
war prospered and David said to Uriah go
war prospered and David said to Uriah go down to your house and wash your feet
down to your house and wash your feet
down to your house and wash your feet so Uriah departed from the King's house
so Uriah departed from the King's house
so Uriah departed from the King's house and a gift of food from the king
and a gift of food from the king
and a gift of food from the king followed him but Uriah slept at the door
followed him but Uriah slept at the door
followed him but Uriah slept at the door of the King's house with all the
of the King's house with all the
of the King's house with all the servants of his Lord and did not go down
servants of his Lord and did not go down
servants of his Lord and did not go down to his house so when they told David
to his house so when they told David
to his house so when they told David saying Uriah did not go down to his
saying Uriah did not go down to his
saying Uriah did not go down to his house David said to Uriah did you not
house David said to Uriah did you not
house David said to Uriah did you not come from a journey why did you not go
come from a journey why did you not go
come from a journey why did you not go down to your house the Ark and Israel
down to your house the Ark and Israel
down to your house the Ark and Israel and Judah are dwelling in tents and my
and Judah are dwelling in tents and my
and Judah are dwelling in tents and my lord Joab and the servants of my lord
lord Joab and the servants of my lord
lord Joab and the servants of my lord are encamped in the open fields shall I
are encamped in the open fields shall I
are encamped in the open fields shall I then go to my house to eat and drink and
then go to my house to eat and drink and
then go to my house to eat and drink and to lie with my wife as you live and as
to lie with my wife as you live and as
to lie with my wife as you live and as your soul lives I will not do this thing
your soul lives I will not do this thing
your soul lives I will not do this thing wait here today also and tomorrow I will
wait here today also and tomorrow I will
wait here today also and tomorrow I will let you debarred so your I remained in
let you debarred so your I remained in
let you debarred so your I remained in Jerusalem that day and the next now when
Jerusalem that day and the next now when
Jerusalem that day and the next now when David called him he ate and drank before
David called him he ate and drank before
David called him he ate and drank before him and he made him drunk and at evening
him and he made him drunk and at evening
him and he made him drunk and at evening he went out to lie on his bed with the
he went out to lie on his bed with the
he went out to lie on his bed with the servants of his Lord but he did not go
servants of his Lord but he did not go
servants of his Lord but he did not go down to his house in the morning it
down to his house in the morning it
down to his house in the morning it happened that David wrote a letter to
happened that David wrote a letter to
happened that David wrote a letter to Joab and sent it by the hand of Uriah
Joab and sent it by the hand of Uriah
Joab and sent it by the hand of Uriah and he wrote in the letter said Uriah in
and he wrote in the letter said Uriah in
and he wrote in the letter said Uriah in the forefront of the
the forefront of the
the forefront of the battle and retreat from him that he may
battle and retreat from him that he may
battle and retreat from him that he may be struck down and died so it was while
be struck down and died so it was while
be struck down and died so it was while Joe had besieged the city that he
Joe had besieged the city that he
Joe had besieged the city that he assigned Uriah to a place where he knew
assigned Uriah to a place where he knew
assigned Uriah to a place where he knew there were valiant men then the men of
there were valiant men then the men of
there were valiant men then the men of the city came out and fought with joy
the city came out and fought with joy
the city came out and fought with joy and some of the people of the servants
and some of the people of the servants
and some of the people of the servants of David fell and Uriah the Hittite died
of David fell and Uriah the Hittite died
of David fell and Uriah the Hittite died also
also
also then Joab sent and told David all the
then Joab sent and told David all the
then Joab sent and told David all the things concerning the war and charged
things concerning the war and charged
things concerning the war and charged the messenger when you have finished
the messenger when you have finished
the messenger when you have finished telling the matters of the war to the
telling the matters of the war to the
telling the matters of the war to the king if it happens at the King's wrath
king if it happens at the King's wrath
king if it happens at the King's wrath rises and he says to you why did you
rises and he says to you why did you
rises and he says to you why did you approach so near to the city when you
approach so near to the city when you
approach so near to the city when you fought did you not know that they would
fought did you not know that they would
fought did you not know that they would shoot from the wall who struck Abimelech
shoot from the wall who struck Abimelech
shoot from the wall who struck Abimelech the son of Jarama chef was it not a
the son of Jarama chef was it not a
the son of Jarama chef was it not a woman who cast a piece of millstone on
woman who cast a piece of millstone on
woman who cast a piece of millstone on him from the wall so that he died in
him from the wall so that he died in
him from the wall so that he died in thei bez why did you go near the wall
thei bez why did you go near the wall
thei bez why did you go near the wall then you shall say your servant Uriah
then you shall say your servant Uriah
then you shall say your servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also so the
the Hittite is dead also so the
the Hittite is dead also so the messenger went and came and told David
messenger went and came and told David
messenger went and came and told David all that Joab had sent by him surely the
all that Joab had sent by him surely the
all that Joab had sent by him surely the men prevailed against us and came out to
men prevailed against us and came out to
men prevailed against us and came out to us in the field then we drove them back
us in the field then we drove them back
us in the field then we drove them back as far as the entrance of the gate the
as far as the entrance of the gate the
as far as the entrance of the gate the archers shot from the wall at your
archers shot from the wall at your
archers shot from the wall at your servants and some of the king's servants
servants and some of the king's servants
servants and some of the king's servants are dead and your servant Uriah the
are dead and your servant Uriah the
are dead and your servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also thus you shall say
Hittite is dead also thus you shall say
Hittite is dead also thus you shall say to Joab do not let this thing displease
to Joab do not let this thing displease
to Joab do not let this thing displease you for the sword devours one as well as
you for the sword devours one as well as
you for the sword devours one as well as another strengthen your attack against
another strengthen your attack against
another strengthen your attack against the city and overthrow it so encouraging
the city and overthrow it so encouraging
the city and overthrow it so encouraging when the wife of Uriah heard that Uriah
when the wife of Uriah heard that Uriah
when the wife of Uriah heard that Uriah her husband was dead she mourned for her
her husband was dead she mourned for her
her husband was dead she mourned for her husband and when her mourning was over
husband and when her mourning was over
husband and when her mourning was over David sent and brought her to his house
David sent and brought her to his house
David sent and brought her to his house and she became his wife and bore him a
and she became his wife and bore him a
and she became his wife and bore him a son but the thing that David had done
son but the thing that David had done
son but the thing that David had done displeased the Lord